with rle cl to make a space to pray
Muslim Palestinians are Raa hold e
prayers next to the ruins of Al Faruk
MOS its menit is the only part that
survives an Israeli
bming Al is supposed to be time of
celebration after a month of down to
dusk
fasting last Eid I had a home and my
children were joyful playing around me
this Eid is filled with grief Agony and
sadness my home was destroyed and I lost
many loved ones in addition I'm injured
and cannot move I'm no longer able to
bring joy to those around
me these boys's families have managed to
find them new cloths to mark their day
but for most Palestinians in Gaza you
will get through e like any other day in
recent months just trying to find enough
food and water to
survive Israel says it's moving more
Aiden after International pressure part
of the United Nations says it's still
less than the bare minimum required to
meet humanitarian
needs this Eid has come with deep pain
instead of gathering with loved ones we
will sit and mourn them I lost my father
my brother and all my
uncles it is also a time to remember
those who have
died in Gaza everyone knows someone
killed in the past 6
months when I think about last heid it
was the best one of my life because my
son was beside me in my arms I did
everything he wanted I wish he was here
with me he would go to the mosque in the
morning and say to me prepare my present
for when I return now he's gone
everything good about my life is
gone and the war is not over Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
that he has set dates for a major ground
of offensive here at Rafa it's the last
large Refuge where 1 and a half million
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering
here T bazum Al jazer Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer